# Pragma Project Committee Meeting
**9th February 2026**

---

## In Attendance
- Christina Gianelloni - Pragma Board Chair
- Beatrice Anhiri - Pragma Board secretary
- Filip Blagojević - Project Committee Chair
- Eystein Magnus Hansen - Project Commitee Secretary
- Geoff Watson - Project Committee Member (excused during meeting)
- Joshua Marchand - Project Committee Member

## Key Decisions Made
- The PDR-0003 will be reviewed.
- The Google Form for project applications still on track.
- We will decide in next biweekly meeting if the form is ready.

---

## Actions for After Meeting
- The PDR-0003 will be reviewed initially by Filip Blagojević and Christina Gianelloni next week. 
- The Google Form for project applications still on track for releasing in around 2 weeks time. 
- The Project Committee will decide on next biweekly meeting if the form is ready and continue review asynchroniously.
- We will continue biweekly meeting cadence. Next is February 23rd at same time as current meeting. The secretary set up recurring meetings until end of March to make it visible in calendar.

---

## Discussions
- Clarity on "Donation": Improving the wording around "donating" projects to PRAGMA to clarify it refers to legal stewardship and administration rather than code ownership or daily development.
- Legal & IP Due Diligence: Acknowledging the need for an "exhaustive but not exhausting" list of legal/IP concerns. Eystein and Christina will consult with legal experts (e.g., Benny from CF) to refine this section.
- Transparency: Agreement that while the initial form remains private for filtering, the final application steps for shortlisted projects should transition to a transparent, public GitHub-based process.
- Funding Transparency: Reaffirming that the form must explicitly state no funding is provided, to distinguish it from grant applications like Project Catalyst.
- The committee noted that PDR-0003 (the foundational process document) requires updating to reflect current operational realities. Action: Christina and Filip will meet next week to synchronize the document with the new application process before presenting it to the full committee.

---
Signed-off-by: Willburn <eysteinsofus@gmail.com>
